kubeadm-certs: fix wrong info about admin.conf (#48095)
kubernetes/website: content/en/docs/tasks/administer-cluster/kubeadm/kubeadm-certs.md

## Generating kubeconfig files for additional users {#kubeconfig-additional-users}

During cluster creation, `kubeadm init` signs the certificate in the `super-admin.conf`
to have `Subject: O = system:masters, CN = kubernetes-super-admin`.
[`system:masters`](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles)
is a break-glass, super user group that bypasses the authorization layer (for example,
[RBAC](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/)). The file `admin.conf` is also created
by kubeadm on control plane nodes and it contains a certificate with
`Subject: O = kubeadm:cluster-admins, CN = kubernetes-admin`. `kubeadm:cluster-admins`

> is a kubeadm managed group bound to the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is a group logically belonging to kubeadm. If your cluster uses RBAC (the kubeadm default), the
`kubeadm:cluster-admins` group is bound to the
```

[`cluster-admin`]((/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles)) ClusterRole.

> Sharing the `super-admin.conf` or `admin.conf` with additional users is **not recommended**!

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{{< warning >}}
Avoid sharing the `super-admin.conf` or `admin.conf` files; instead, create least privileged access and use that
for anything other than break-glass (emergency) access.
{{< /warning >}}
```

Author: updated.

## Generating kubeconfig files for additional users {#kubeconfig-additional-users}

During cluster creation, `kubeadm init` signs the certificate in the `super-admin.conf`
to have `Subject: O = system:masters, CN = kubernetes-super-admin`.
[`system:masters`](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles)
is a break-glass, super user group that bypasses the authorization layer (for example,
[RBAC](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/)). The file `admin.conf` is also created
by kubeadm on control plane nodes and it contains a certificate with
`Subject: O = kubeadm:cluster-admins, CN = kubernetes-admin`. `kubeadm:cluster-admins`

> is a group logically belonging to kubeadm. If your cluster uses RBAC

Reviewer 2: Some design details in https://github.com/kubernetes/enhancements/tree/master/keps/sig-cluster-lifecycle/kubeadm/4214-separate-super-user-kubeconfig#proposal.

> is a group logically belonging to kubeadm. If your cluster uses RBAC

Reviewer 3: The "kubeadm:cluster-admins is a group logically belonging to kubeadm" statement is confusing. You can say that this group is created and used by kubeadm. Having a group belonging to a CLI tool is confusing.

> is a group logically belonging to kubeadm. If your cluster uses RBAC

Author: group is a term from rbac.

(the kubeadm default), the `kubeadm:cluster-admins` group is bound to the

> [`cluster-admin`]((/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles)) ClusterRole.

Reviewer 4: The link is broken and needs a small fix.

```suggestion
[`cluster-admin`](/docs/reference/access-authn-authz/rbac/#user-facing-roles) ClusterRole.
```

Author: updated.

{{< warning >}}
Avoid sharing the `super-admin.conf` or `admin.conf` files. Instead, create least
privileged access even for people who work as administrators and use that least

> privilege alternative for anything other than break-glass (emergency) access.

Reviewer 3: Okay. Please state what "least privilege alternative" means. Or else, this suggestion is not actionable.

Author: @sftim suggested this change.
